DOCS-5555 rum feature matrix (#18459)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/_index.md

</br>

> ### Compatibility requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Capabilities and platform support
```

**Note**: The Datadog Flutter SDK is not supported for MacOS, Windows, or Linux.

> The following RUM capabilities are supported relative to each platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows which RUM capabilities are supported on each platform:
```

| Feature                               | Browser | Android | iOS |   Flutter   | React Native | Roku | Notes |
| ------------------------------------- | --------|---------|---------|---------|--------------|------|-------|
| Send logs to Datadog  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} |  |
| Distributed tracing of network requests | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | The **Datadog Roku SDK** is only able to track some types of HTTP requests. |

> | Track Views and Actions (RUM) | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | - All actions tracked in **Flutter Web** are recorded as `custom` <br> - **Roku** only supports manual action tracking. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Track Views and Actions (RUM) | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | - All actions tracked in **Flutter Web** are recorded as `custom` <br> - **Roku** supports only manual action tracking. |
```

| Track Views and Actions (RUM) | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | - All actions tracked in **Flutter Web** are recorded as `custom` <br> - **Roku** only supports manual action tracking. |
| Feature Flags tracking and release tracking | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} |  |  |
| Error tracking and source mapping | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | - For **Flutter**, only Error Tracking is supported <br> - Only partially supported for **React Native** |
| Crash tracking, symbolication, and deobfuscation | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} |  |
| Stop sessions (Kiosk Monitoring) | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} |  |  |
| Track Events in WebViews |  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} |  |  |
| Monitor platform-specific vitals | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} |  |  |
| Global attribute tracking in Logs  | {{< X >}} |  |  |  |  |  |  |

> | Client side tracing |  | | {{< X >}}  |  | {{< X >}} |  |  |  |

Reviewer 2: Personally, I like this feature matrix way better -- just wanted to point out that the Client Side Tracing is off by 1 (says it's supported by Flutter and React Native, should be Android and iOS). Although the order of the headers should probably be changed well (Flutter should come after iOS)

Author: fixed!
